OKTA-620024 : Update embedded sdk self reg guide (#4576)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-self-reg/main/java/integrationsteps.md

</div>

> When the user submits their new password, create a `VerifyAuthenticatorOptions` object containing the new password. Pass this object as a parameter to `IDXAuthenticationWrapper.verifyAuthenticator()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user submits their new password, create a `VerifyAuthenticatorOptions` object that contains the new password. Pass this object as a parameter to `IDXAuthenticationWrapper.verifyAuthenticator()`.
```

</div>

### The user submits the OTP

> The user opens the email and copies the OTP into the form. When the user submits the OTP, create a `VerifyAuthenticatorOptions` object containing the OTP. Pass this object as a parameter to `IDXAuthenticationWrapper.verifyAuthenticator()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user opens the email and copies the OTP into the form. When the user submits the OTP, create a `VerifyAuthenticatorOptions` object that contains the OTP. Pass this object as a parameter to `IDXAuthenticationWrapper.verifyAuthenticator()`:
```

</div>

The user can either enroll in or skip the phone factor. Your code should handle both scenarios as follows.

### The user enrolls the phone authenticator

#### The user submits the phone authenticator

If the user submits the phone authenticator, pass the selected authenticator and the current `ProceedContext` as parameters to `IDXAuthenticationWrapper.selectAuthenticator()`.

```java
authenticationResponse = idxAuthenticationWrapper.selectAuthenticator(proceedContext, authenticator);
```

#### Display phone number input page

> The returned `EnrollResponse` object has an `AuthenticationStatus` of `AWAITING_AUTHENTICATOR_ENROLLMENT_DATA`. This status indicates that Identity Engine is waiting for the user for more data before the factor can be enrolled. In this case, the user needs to supply a phone number, and a phone verification method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The returned `EnrollResponse` object has an `AuthenticationStatus` of `AWAITING_AUTHENTICATOR_ENROLLMENT_DATA`. This status indicates that Identity Engine is waiting for the user for more data before the factor can be enrolled. In this case, the user needs to supply a phone number and a phone verification method.
```

> Build a form that allows the user to enter their phone number, and a second form to select a phone verification method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build a form that allows the user to enter their phone number and a second form to select a phone verification method.
```

         phone, getFactorFromMethod(session, mode));
```

#### Display SMS OTP input page

If the call is successful, your SMS provider sends a one-time passcode (OTP) in an SMS to the user's mobile phone. The returned `AuthenticationResponse` object has an `AuthenticationStatus` of `AWAITING_AUTHENTICATOR_VERIFICATION`. This status indicates that Identity Engine is waiting for the user to check their email and enter the OTP.

Build a form that allows the user to enter the OTP sent to them by SMS. Depending on your implementation, the page can be the same page that verifies the email code. The sample app reuses the same page for both email and phone verification.

<div class="half wireframe-border">

![A form with a field for a verification code, a note to find the code in an SMS, and a submit button](/img/wireframes/enter-verification-code-form-with-sms-message.png)

   <!--
   Source image: https://www.figma.com/file/YH5Zhzp66kGCglrXQUag2E/%F0%9F%93%8A-Updated-Diagrams-for-Dev-Docs?node-id=3400%3A37154&t=vr9MuCR8C4rCt3hC-1 enter-verification-code-form-with-sms-message
   -->

</div>

#### The user submits the SMS OTP

> The user checks their phone and copies the OTP into the form. When the user submits the OTP, create a `VerifyAuthenticatorOptions` object containing the OTP. Pass this object as a parameter to `IDXAuthenticationWrapper.verifyAuthenticator()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user checks their phone and copies the OTP into the form. When the user submits the OTP, create a `VerifyAuthenticatorOptions` object that contains the OTP. Pass this object as a parameter to `IDXAuthenticationWrapper.verifyAuthenticator()`.
```
